
Why don't you go here, go, uh, wait a minute
Can you help me choose a gift?
I pick you sure
Please send a girl
Let's go then. Go to my friend's store and help me carry an eye protection lamp back by the way. Okay?
You see this is not bad
Thank you, the gift is also selected, help me search for this moon shadow eye protection lamp.
Sister Chun
How much do you admire Huanggao's straight-A student? Even a lamp has to be the same as that used in the classmate class. Why so much nonsense?
OK
Hey
Oh.
What about Lao Xuan? Why didn't he come?
His Tencent team can't come
What song is this?
It must be very happy to like him, right?
But don't be fooled by him
Strange what's going on
It's about to be knocked on the foot, why hasn't it appeared yet?
come
So what if you take a specific class?
Not brainless
The school openly confessed
How high-profile is it now?
How severe will the punishment be?
Xu Ziliang
You guard me
Classmate, whose love song are you singing for?
This song.
It's just for you that Brother Yang was beaten just now